This is racing today. Oh, he's getting into the back of his rival. Lock up.
Oh, they nearly made contact again. This is really aggressive stuff. Give me a replay of that move around the outside.
Dive bomb move from George Russell on his teammate.
Hamilton had to give him the space and George Russell will have a smile a mile wide there
because he's made the pass at the chicane, but Hamilton will not take that lying down. The two Mercedes not at the front of the field like they were last week.
Over some debris goes George Russell there. Hamilton trying to retake 7th position. Russell thought about nibbling back and Hamilton retakes the place.
George was a little bit kinder to Lewis at the chicane there. Having made the move, other drivers might have just forced him to go through the run-off area to stay on.
And technically, being ahead of the apex, he would have been entitled to do that.
But he's racing fairly and Lewis took the opportunity very well coming back through.
Oh, he's going to be bringing the tyres into the temperature window
at the same time that Joe tries to retake that position away from H端lkenberg.
Can H端lkenberg get past? No, and he might get shuffled back.
And Yuki Tsunoda says, okay, you fight amongst yourselves. He goes past one. Can Yuki Tsunoda find the way past another? These three are putting on a show.
They're in the same order that they were before. Tsunoda feeling brave on the brakes, getting past Joe, and he will go on the attack. All of that caused by Ocon coming out of the pits, who says, oh, enjoy that battle, I'm off.
Beautiful race car from the three of them, though, wasn't it? H端lkenberg tried to do the move again that he put on Tsunoda as Tsunoda came out of the pits.
They all got bunched up, and that was just superb stuff from Tsunoda in the end. Joe Cordova trying to come back again.
You're on board with Sergio Perez, very much closer now to Carlos Sainz.
H端lkenberg's Sainz is to Alonso as well. Perez is really close. He's going to have a dive here towards Veil.
Down the inside, Sergio Perez has a look to try and get past Carlos. Carlos gives him space, and thankfully they don't touch, but he's now got it on the exit, and he's through.
Nicely done, Checo. And now the Williams of Alex Albon's going to try to capitalize on the Ferrari side-by-side into Stowe.
Wow, he's done it. Alex Albon gets past Carlos as well. Alex has gone up into eighth place. Oh, yes, from Alex Albon, really good commitment at the first corner.
And that one fire up the inside from Sergio Perez, but Sainz way offline, left him vulnerable. The red ball came through, the Williams came through.
As we move now to Piastri being attacked by Sergio Perez.
Perez, there's the late defensive move from the Australian driver who hugs the apex.
He says, go the long way round, nothing between the two of them, but it's better grip, better traction than the DRS, and fourth position for Sergio Perez.
Perez needed that. That was an aggressive move around the outside. Piastri not giving it up as he runs out onto the grass. So, brilliant piece of driving from both drivers there.
Late move from Piastri, but fair enough. And then he opens the steering,but I love how Piastri comes back at him again in Turn 2.
Yeah, I thought he was fully sending here as Perez gets the elbow out. I think there was contact at Turn 1. Yeah, it was so, so close between the two.In the end, Perez making it through.
As the Alpines now nose-to-tail, Ocon trying to get around Gasly.
Is he going to take a stab into Turn 1? These two are side-by-side, but not for much longer.
The two teammates battling it out. And Esteban Ocon deep into Turn 1. Gasly sweeps on by. Great racing between these two.
Nervy moments on the pit wall for Alpine. These two have history this season back in Australia where they collided after a great run. Give me a replay of that move around the outside.
Esteban Ocon going all in in Vegas and taking 5th place. It's absolutely brilliant, brilliant racing. And I guess not only in the pit wall would they be a bit nervy.
They've got their celebrity investors, some good wheel-to-wheel action. But we were all sort of holding our breath there to know if they could do it without touching.
This is so close between the two Scala Ferraris who go onto the main straight.
Charles Leclerc has got enormous momentum here. They're side-by-side at Monza. And Charles Leclerc is moving ahead.
He's got the inside line. Charles Leclerc takes 3rd place in the Italian Grand Prix. But he's locked up to give another opportunity.
Who cranks on the steering wheel? Looking for the line. How did he not make contact with his teammate there? I feel that I've just seen a ghost car. You know, the wheels, they must have been so close to touching.
Sainz has the inside line. Will he have the position? Lock up. Oh, they nearly made contact again.
This is really aggressive stuff from the two teammates. Great battles, intense battles. Ferrari, well, guaranteeing they get the lion's share of the television coverage.
With the demise of Charles Leclerc
Fernando Alonso's maximum he knew at the start of the day was going to be a place on the podium.
When his teammate hit him at this corner, he would have thought that it was falling away from him. But what sort of traction has he got now? Oh, he's nearly into the back of his rival as they go down the hill.
And Alonso had such better traction that he nearly crept right into the back of Carlos Sainz. I tell you, we've not only learned it's a fast car, we've learned it's a strong car because we had his teammate Wacom.
Is he going to do the same as he did to Hamilton? Is he going to go to the outside, to the inside there? He tried again.
Oh, and Sainz was wise to it. But the lock-up is going to mean that they're basically parked up as they apply the power now. And Alonso gets a little bit of slipstream, and he's making the move.
Sainz is nearly driving him off the road. But Fernando Alonso is onto the podium once again in Formula 1. What a debut he is having with Aston Martin.
Fernando Alonso now on the inside of Gasly into 12th.
What are we seeing out there? Something about Sao Paulo sets these drivers alight. What a move. Gasly will want it back immediately.
This is racing today, it really is. DRS for Alonso and Gasly. They're side-by-side
Both had DRS. Super late on the brakes. Fernando Alonso all the while they're chasing down Piastri.
Gasly just keeps it. But we're going to continue this battle. Oh, look at how much Gasly.
We're snaking all over the road. And Alonso on the power earlier. Has the momentum.
Has the chance. But it's going to be the outside line. Who's bravest at the turn number four? Who's got the racing line? Nearly contact.
Fernando Alonso with a great pass. How has none of this ended in tears yet either? Wheel to wheel, inches apart. All of these guys still bunched behind Carlos Sainz.
And the racing today is just superb. I love that they're having to get a little bit experimental with where they're making the moves in this DRS train as well.
Here we go. Is there a chance to respond for Fernando Alonso?
Forces a defensive move. That's not what Perez needs. If he goes off the racing line, he could be vulnerable to four.
And all the while, Max Verstappen is nearly in the final corners of the last lap. Alonso is going to get the run down at turn number four. This is going to be super aggressive between the two of them.
Alonso has fought his way back through. What a move, Fernando Alonso. On the last lap.
And the crowd absolutely loved it. The old master takes back the place. What a battle between these two.
Absolutely superb. I really didn't see Fernando coming back once Checo had made the move. But he managed to stay close.
Brilliant drive. Beautiful stuff from both.
Fernando Alonso to the inside of Sergio Perez. And taking the position away.
There's still a little bit of traction left for Perez. Three into one corner will not go.
Round the outside goes Esteban Ocon. Side by side with Fernando Alonso, who's wide in this part of the circuit. And somehow they're in the same order that they left.
Oh, no, they're not. Because here comes the Alpine. Better traction.
And that will be the position. Fernando Alonso refuses to give it up. But he'll have to.
And Ocon moves up to eighth. How was the not contact? That was frantic stuff. And what frustration for Fernando Alonso.
He's nearly got past Perez. And in the end, he's dropped to place. Yeah, well, that's the threat when you're going slowly behind the Red Bull.
They're all bunched up. You lose trying to attack. And suddenly, Ocon's through.
So even more frustration for Fernando Alonso. I mean, he could have made the place on Checo if he released the brakes and didn't stay within track limits. But he did.
He slowed the car down a lot through the apex. And that's what allowed, first of all, Perez to get the undercut back on him. And then Ocon to have the chance.
And it was really smart driving from Ocon and opportunistic.